chore: Cert verifier only using V1 docs (#1426)
Layr-Labs/eigenda: contracts/script/deploy/certverifier/README.md

    "eigenDACertVerifier": "0x..."
}
```

#### EigenDA V1

To deploy with just EigenDA V1 verification enabled, you only need to pass valid addresses for the following dependency contracts into your json config:
- `eigenDAThresholdRegistry`

> - `eigenDAServiceManager`

Reviewer: registryCoordinator and operatorStateRetriever are v1 contracts yet they are set to 0x00 in your `mainnet.v1.config.json`.

V2 dependency addresses can be set to `0x..0`.

> **Currently** V1 only verification is a short-term feature expression of the contract which will be deprecated coinciding the eventual deprecation fo the EigenDA V1 network. There are no explicit checks to prevent someone from unintendedly calling V2 verification functions which will revert nor is it explicitly obvious which protocols the cert verifier supports (i.e, V1, V2, V1 && V2). Please use at your own caution! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that EigenDA V1 verification will fail after the planned deprecation of the EigenDA V1 network. Use at your own risk!
```

I think this gets everything across with less words
